dilly Doo doot doot doot doot newsflash
hello guys flame fury here got a little
bit of news for you that was announced
on the official forums earlier feet
unlocking in DC Universe Online has been
announced and this was announced by
Larry lil Larry Liberty as I said on the
official forms earlier I've got a few
details for you here but also included a
link in the description below so you can
have a bruise for yourself
so what do we got I'm pleased to
announce that will be launched and feet
and looking for DC Universe Online in
late februari so you heard it here for
those of you who haven't been following
this new addition to the game feat
unlocking is assistant that will allow
you to use replay badges to unlock feats
you've already earned on your other
characters as a whole the system will
allow you the option to play and
progress faster on multiple characters
there are some limitations you won't be
able to unlock feats that no character
on your account has earned feet
unlocking does not allow you to skip
ahead only catch up to other characters
you won't be able to unlock feature
would normally not be able to see in the
UI this means regular fee earning rules
apply for example a flight character
cannot unlock a great acrobatic feats
you won't be able to unlock some feats
that our role or faction specific for
example reach level 30 as of controller
will not be available to healers and so
on unlocking your feats in game is
simple all you need to do is go to the
feats menu on the character you like to
unlock feats on C weeks feats are
available to unlock then unlock them
with replay badges similar to how you
would unlock any other lockout in the
game finally I know you're all probably
wondering about the cost the pricing is
pretty simple and look in the 10-point
feet will cost one replay badge and lock
in a 25-point feet will cost free replay
three replay badges and look in a
50-point feet will cost five replay
badges he also says I want to price them
as reasonably as we could to encourage
the development and use of all senate
characters the game is more compelling
we have a chance to experience all the
content from all the many different
perspectives are no fee unlocking will
go a long way to making that as
convenient as possible also
later on in thread some people have gone
into the details about the price since
you work out how much it will
approximately cost
so for example I've got here unless I
misunderstand with my 150 school put my
own character and race one mile SE too
close to that 150 for no more than 1500
replay badges which is about $45 per
character so this is gambler
approximation of how much it will cost
to raise one of your alts up to 150
skill points mmm that seems ok I think
what's that about 30 pounds not sure
what it is in euros but it seems pretty
reasonable if you're starting the new or
if you're making them up from scratch so
if you're starting something totally new
and then buying all the feats for it
it's going to cost you about 30 pounds
$45 a character on the example of
androgen 50 skill points another part of
the news pot the news that was also
further than the Fred somebody asked
about the EU and us characters will you
be able to go on to the US and level up
a a tune over there unlock the feats and
mips has said the current plan is for
this to work for your accounts feats
unlocks to be across both the US and EU
PC servers but he does say that
PlayStation players cannot choose or
switch servers also you would have to be
using the same station account login so
it's not going to be available to play
station players but if you've got a if
you're on the EU server example you can
go across the u.s. servers and start
soon over there and you will be able to
unlock the fees for that character
anyway i'll put a link to the thread
below so you can have a look at it for
yourself it's been a quick news flash
from myself flame fury over and out